Improve cmake first time error reporting (#11635)
mixxxdj/mixxx: CMakeLists.txt

  cmake_policy(SET CMP0135 NEW)
endif()

function(FATAL_ERROR_MISSING_ENV)
  if(WIN32)
    if(CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE MATCHES "Debug")

>       message(FATAL_ERROR "Did you download the build environment via ´${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/tools/windows_buildenv.bat´?")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      message(FATAL_ERROR "Did you download the Mixxx build environment using ´${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/tools/windows_buildenv.bat´?")
```
The suggested wording makes it maybe more clear, that the buildenv is something, that you get from the Mixxx project. What do you think?

    # and we configure the CMAKE_TOOLCHAIN_FILE and overlays accordingly
    message(STATUS "Using MIXXX_VCPKG_ROOT: $ENV{MIXXX_VCPKG_ROOT}")
  else()

>     message(STATUS "MIXXX_VCPKG_ROOT not correct (missing $ENV{MIXXX_VCPKG_ROOT}/overlay/ports)")

Reviewer: I wonder if the if condition is correct here. Shouldn't both directories exist here?

endif()

# Chromaprint
find_package(Chromaprint)
# This is the first package form the environment, if this fails give hints how to install the environment
if(NOT Chromaprint_FOUND)
  if(WIN32)
    if(CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE MATCHES "Debug")
      message(FATAL_ERROR "Did you download the build environment via ´${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/tools/windows_buildenv.bat´ and run ")
	else()
	  message(FATAL_ERROR "Did you download the build environment via ´${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/tools/windows_release_buildenv.bat´")
	endif()
  elseif(APPLE)
    if(CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE MATCHES "Debug")
      message(FATAL_ERROR "Did you download the build environment via ´${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/tools/macos_buildenv.bat´")
	else()

> 	  message(FATAL_ERROR "Did you download the build environment via ´${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/tools/macos_release_buildenv.bat´")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	  message(FATAL_ERROR "Did you download the build environment via ´${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/tools/macos_buildenv.bat´ or ´${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/tools/macos_release_buildenv.bat´")
```
